#NIST-800-53-CP-9
##Information System Backup

#### Contingency Planning

##### a
'//*
The customer will be responsible for conducting daily incremental and
weekly full backups of user-level information contained in the
information system. Additional FedRAMP requirements and guidance include
maintaining at least three backup copies of user-level information (at
least one of which is available online) or provides an equivalent
alternative. A successful control response will detail how backups of
user-level information occures, and how three backup copies are
maintained.
*/'


##### b
'//*
The customer will be responsible for conducting daily incremental and
weekly full backups of system-level information contained in the
information system. Additional FedRAMP requirements and guidance include
maintaining at least three backup copies of user-level information (at
least one of which is available online) or provides an equivalent
alternative. A successful control response will detail how backups of
user-level information occures, and how three backup copies are
maintained.
*/'


##### c
'//*
The customer will be responsible for conducting daily incremental and
weekly full backups of information system documentation including
security-related documentation. Additional FedRAMP requirements and
guidance include maintaining at least three backup copies of user-level
information (at least one of which is available online) or provides an
equivalent alternative. A successful control response will detail how
backups of user-level information occures, and how three backup copies
are maintained.
*/'


##### d
'//*
The customer will be responsible for protecting the confidentiality,
integrity, and available of backup information at storage locations.
Additional FedRAMP requirements and guidance include determining
what elements of the cloud environment require the Information System
Backup control. The customer will determine how Information System
Backup is going to be verified and appropriate periodicity of the
check.
*/'

